but
the story of Charterer 10 in 1974 as the automaker uses one
sporty coupé study presented
according to the time and fashion the designers registered a car
hatchback
the FARC Bexten should address particularly young customers
Thus, sportiness was in the foreground
the big radiator grille and the so popular v8 engine could not be missing
the standard model of the charter came on the market in 1966 and corresponded
as far as possible of the study
the platforms and some bodywork came from the Dodge
Charger with
less for the time were also the four individual seats
the rear two were foldable leaving the coupe a huge one
Boot volume he flees
Especially nice was the cockpit for the first models
so that it also sporty on the streets precede were several v8
Engines to choose from
383 there are 426 team of the TSV 18 minute clock
this one to watch here is a 360 watch burning at the beginning
The manufacturer German was very quickly the opinion that the first
Batch l too cumbersome and not athletic enough seemed
So in 1968, just two years later, a whole new design came on board
the market
it should be even sleeker than its predecessor
The only states in the world belonged to the so-called Master Kaos
around 700 to find
Art in classic OS vehicles
the first models were not only the most popular but also success
the sales could be in the year
never be reached again
Slowly pass against this mass career
he combines comfort as a sporty car
and due to harder emission laws gates off the Charger
in the eighties
the Charter merely as designation of a copy variant
it also reminded that he had to save his life